Now, in the last video we talked to you
about making your home smarter, right?
Well, there's also making
your office smarter.
Now obviously, there are gonna be
a lot of things that are the same,
when you're making your office smarter,
making your home smarter.
But there are certain things
that might differ because
picture yourself sitting at your desk,
and you look around.
There's gonna be certain things on your
desk that you use all the time that
you might want to integrate some
sensors into, make simpler.
But I also wanted to talk to you
a little bit about the whole VoIP aspect
of making your office smarter, right?
So we know that you have these
huge companies out there
that take calls all the time,
make calls all the time.
International needs where they
need to communicate from one
country to another country all the time.
Right, well the old way of doing things
cost these companies a lot of money.
>> Right.
>> Now we kind of talked about this
already in a previous lesson or module,
but I want to kind of just
dive a little deeper, I guess.
VoIP's out now and
you have these companies that all they
do is they just pay an Internet bill.
A nice, yeah, nice wide band.
>> Basically, free calling, right?
>> Yeah, basically free calling, right?
So, now, not only can these companies call
all these other places that they need
to get a hold of,
but they can also, for instance,
I think we talked about this, too.
You want a 24 hour customer
service hotline, right?
Well, in the United States,
the work days from 9 to 5.
>> Yeah, normally.
>> A normally 8 to 4, 10 to 6,
whatever you wanna say.
So 8 hours, whatever.
But then people go home and
they go to sleep.
Well, what happens if someone
wants to call you at 7 o'clock?
Well, it's the morning
time in another country.
So now they could take the calls
in another country while
one call center is sleeping,
cuz it's night time.
You have to sleep.
Another call center, they're just waking
up and starting their job, right?
So this is all done over VoIP.
And you can basically establish
connections with your customers 24
hours a day without skipping a beat.
>> RIght.
>> Right, so it's great for
international business, but again,
I want to go back to looking around
your office and looking around things
that don't exist yet and how you could
apply ideas to what's around you.
Now, just talked about
a couple things there.
But think about it and apply it.
>> Maybe you can improve.
You have more people in
an office than your own house.
So kind of improve interactions
amongst the employees.
>> I can just think of one thing.
I know electric bills are really high.
Like even the building we're in, it's
outrageous, the electric bills, right?
Well, what if your employees, or
what if you just didn't want
to pay that much electricity?
And your employees were
overabusing the heater.
>> Yeah.
>> Or abusing the thermostat in general.
Right, well you could control
the thermostat from your phone, right?
Or you could monitor the temperature
of you building from your phone or
from your home.
>> Or maybe if someone tinkers with the
thermostat, you'll get a phone call and
you can yell at whoever's
touching it [LAUGH]
>> There you go.
Stop touching the thermostat.
That popped into my head right now.
There's a lot of things that you can do.
And think about sitting at your
desk right now, at your office, and
what you could apply to make it more
interactive and a smart office.
Stay tuned.
See you in the next video.